there's some weird tickling in your nose
oh no
you're gonna sneeze it'll sound
thunderous in the complete silence of
the conference room
not to draw unwanted attention tickle
the roof of your mouth with your tongue
five to ten seconds is usually enough to
get rid of the urge to sneeze
or you can pinch your nose at the
nostrils like you do when something
nearby smells bad
pinching the bridge of your nose just
below your eyebrows can help too
but whatever you do don't look at bright
lights
about one-third of people sneeze when
they look at the sun
or even a light bulb imagine you're
talking to someone
and they just wouldn't let you get a
word in if you think it's rude to
interrupt them
drop whatever you have in your hands if
it's not your phone or laptop that is
or you can pretend to be clumsy and
knock something over
in any case the chances are it'll make
them realize they've been talking for
too long
getting stressed out before an important
event is a perfectly normal reaction
but it can make you absent-minded and
you won't be able to concentrate
if you realize you've become tense
squeeze the muscles of your face
arms and shoulders clench your fists now
relax and take a deep breath you're
ready to tackle
any problem on your way your throat's
tickling
it doesn't seem to be too much of a
bother but once this annoying sensation
starts
it doesn't let you concentrate on
anything else to get rid of it
scratch your ear this way you'll
stimulate the nerves there
your body's likely to react with a
muscle spasm in the throat
this spasm will relieve the tickle
you might feel ill at ease starting a
difficult conversation
it makes you fidget avert your eyes
shift your weight
denying your anxiety will make the
situation even more awkward than it
already is
it's better to offer a quick explanation
i
feel a bit uncomfortable bringing it up
you need to introduce someone to your
friend but their name has totally
slipped your mind
apologize and claim you've been so busy
recently that you're having brain fog
most people these days understand what a
hectic schedule can do to a person
another way to find out someone's name
that you're supposed to know by now
is to ask for their business card or you
can give them your phone
and ask to put in their contact
information then
all you need to do is look at the new
contact before tucking your phone away
you can also ask the person to spell
their name
saying you want to make sure you've got
it right
there's no need to shout to be heard at
a loud party
ask the person you're chatting with to
bend their ear out
and then press it in they'll hear you
much better
to stop hiccuping put a long straw in a
glass or bottle with water
block both ears with your fingers and
start drinking
or you can try covering a glass of cold
water with a paper towel or clean cloth
and sip through it gently squeezing your
nose while drinking something
helps too another trick is to sit down
and bring your knees up to your chest
hug them for two minutes or so
you can also inhale a large gulp of air
and hold your breath
for as long as you can usually 10 to 20
seconds are enough
slowly breathe out if you're still
hiccuping after that
repeat several more times or
grab the tip of your tongue and gently
pull on it once or twice
it stimulates the muscles and nerves in
your throat
but don't forget to wash your hands
before doing it
[Music]
if you feel you're getting emotional and
tears are about to spill
look up and hold your breath for a
couple of seconds
[Music]
then slowly exhale you should feel
better now
the meeting's over time to leave the
room only
you can't pick up your notes your arm's
fallen asleep
try clenching and unclenching your fist
it'll get the blood flowing
which will ease the nerves you can also
gently rock your head from side to side
when the nerves in your neck get
squeezed
it can lead to tingly hands and arms
rocking your head
will loosen your neck muscles and
release the pressure
phones love auto correcting your
messages into something embarrassing
if you notice your blunder after already
having sent the message
you can either apologize or laugh it off
something like wow my phone apparently
has a mind of its own
an important meeting is about to start
but you feel
more than a bit sleepy not to doze off
while your boss is giving a presentation
take a deep breath and hold it for
several seconds
then release it you'll feel a bit more
energized
it's common to feel awkward nervous or
shy when talking to new people
instead of blushing or looking away
follow the
three seconds of eye contact rule it
won't make you feel uncomfortable
but will show your interest if someone's
explaining something to you
eye contact can be a bit longer than
three seconds
it's a sure way to prove you're paying
attention
anxiety can get the best of you at the
worst possible moment
to deal with this problem set aside a
time slot for your worries
carve out 15 minutes every day and worry
all you want but once the time's over
you have to stop thinking about the
things that make you nervous
try not to do it right before going to
bed though this can make it harder to
fall asleep afterward
if you feel nervous before an interview
or exam
chew some gum for some reason eating
makes your brain feel safe you're
literally tricking it
into a relaxed state after you eat
something extremely cold
like a popsicle the nerves in the roof
of your mouth
start freezing your body concludes that
your brain is getting chilled too
to compensate it overheats which leads
to an ice cream headache
instead of scrunching your face and
moaning press your tongue against the
roof of your mouth
this will warm it up almost immediately
try to cover as much space as you can
when you ask for something you need
always use the word
because it makes people believe there's
a serious reason for your request
it happens even to the best of us a song
gets stuck in your head
and it's usually either a commercial
jingle or a popular song you've been
making fun of
when it happens you're likely to repeat
one part of the song
most often the chorus again and again
try singing the song till the very end
it'll make your brain think the song's
over
and the tune won't bother you anymore
[Music]
if you're feeling dizzy put your hand on
something stable
in most cases it'll help your brain to
recalculate your body's position in
space
and your dizziness will pass
if you want to ace an important
interview imagine you've known the
interviewer for ages
picture how you're going to greet each
other shake hands and have a pleasant
conversation
this will help you relax before the big
event
let's say you want to leave an awkward
conversation but are unsure of the best
time to do it
each conversation has times when it
drops off and has a lull in it
it usually happens before people start a
new topic
such a lull is your cue it's time to
leave
start with well sorry
anyway before saying your goodbye and
fleeing
ah you can't stand it anymore you need
to get away from this boar you've
started talking to at a party
and the sooner the better not to hurt
their feelings or encourage the person
to follow you
say you need to make a phone call it's a
safer option than saying
you're going to go get some food or go
to the bathroom
to make your excuse more believable
provide some details
you can easily give an impression of an
outgoing person at a party
pick someone and ask them a random
question like
i love your shoes where did you get them
it'll be a perfect icebreaker people
just love talking about themselves